---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to Couriers"
date:   2020-07-04 00:00:00 -0700
categories: info
---
Hello, 

Welcome to the website for the Couriers Discord server.  

This site is new and will be undergoing significant changes soon. Its purpose is to provide a place to gather knowledge pertaining to the Gig Economy. Right now, that looks like a list of FAQs. This site will also serve as a frontpage for the Couriers Discord.  

My hope in creating this site is that it will help couriers new and old find clear answers to questions they may have about the Gig Economy apps, like Doordash, Grubhub, Postmates, Amazon Flex, etc. These apps often have opaque behavior that is not explained in their documentation, and so many of us have had to learn these behaviors by experience. The Couriers Discord lets us help others with these apps when they ask, but a reference website could increase access to our collective knowledgebase.

### Contributing

Currently contributions to this website should be made on my [GitHub repo][couriers-gh]. The site is generated by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com) and hosted by GitHub Pages. While having Jekyll on your local machine may help you preview what you write, anyone should be able to contribute with a basic understanding of Markdown. (Here's a [couple](https://gist.github.com/roachhd/779fa77e9b90fe945b0c) [references](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) I found useful.) I hope to have a complete guide to contributing later.

As always, join our active discussions in the [Couriers Discord](https://discord.gg/qANMXtS). If you don't know how to use GitHub and would like to make a suggestion for the site, this is the place to drop a line.

### Disclaimer

This site, myself, and the Couriers Discord are not associated with or endorsed by Doordash, Grubhub, Postmates, Amazon, or any other company mentioned on this website. All copyrights and trademarks belong to their respective owners.

If you are a copyright owner and believe infringing content is on this website, please send a takedown notice to [admin@couriers.chat](mailto:admin@couriers.chat).  
Proper disclaimers such as these will be added to the site footer soon.

~ Ebreium

[couriers-gh]: https://github.com/Ebreium/couriers.chat/
